Now we have created a primary goal instructor there.
We pass these values, which are the properties of this class, of course, because we set far or foul,
that could work as well.
You notice something that here I cannot just go into writing code here right right away because it assumes
that this is still part of the premier constructor.
So there is a concept called initialization, so we can initialize these values or these properties
by putting instead of init block because they need to block.
Then we can write some code here to initialize those values or do something else.
But usually we won't initialize some values or, in this case, properties.
So I could say, for instance, color is equal to green and a model going to be set to something else.
Let's change this to something else, in fact.
So once we do this, you can see now we still have green because it's what we did.
In fact, lets me change this to something else yellow.
Let's run.
So when we instantiate this first car, we notice that we pass green and for a model, we pass Al-Alam.
But because the first thing that is run is this it need to block.
We say color is this model is that Iran with that?
OK, now what happens if we get rid of this because we initializing it right, we don't need to actually
initialize inside of our constructor.
I think it's going to happen.
Run this again.
Right?
There we go.
So when we passed the initialization here, whatever we have.
Set to happen or set the priorities to be in our instantiation of the object, it's ignored because
we passed the initialization first and you can see now, says yellow kayleigh mamombe yellow cake aluminum
for both cars that we initialized earlier or instantiated, as I should say.
So I'm going to get rid of this real quick if I run this now.
Notice now we're going to get exactly what we need.
All right.
So we're creating different cars now in the neat part here we can do some if statement I can say, for
instance, if color is equal to green, I want to print Alan.
Yay, green.
Else just say print and color.
It's not green.
So this color is going to be whatever color is passed into our properties.
Let's go ahead and run.
OK, yay.
Green.
Purple is not green.
This is for each one of these colors, and you can see there it is, right?
So this is green.
That's why it's so green.
And then this is color purple.
It says purple is not green.
And then of course, goes ahead and shows the properties for each one of these cards that we printed
out here.
So in this case here, I could also say for interchange, right, it's a car.
Got color.
Change this to something.
Say Black and say car that model.
In this case, change this to some other models, such if I were to run.
This, of course, is going to override what we set through our constructor there.
So now we have black.
Q Well, you may say, OK, yeah, of course this is possible because in our class we set all of the
properties I know constructor here.
We added far.
What happens will say, Val, is I still going to work?
No, it won't work because these properties here are not immutable, which means we can't access them
that way.
If we want to make sure that the color is the one, the only one that can be modified, right, we can
just say it's VAR so we can directly modify it for model.
We can close it to say that this is not going to be modified directly.
If we want to modify it, we should have other means to do so.
So that's another way of protecting your classes, and we'll talk more about that.